- You ready?
- Yeah!
- Yes!
- Let's destroy the Grim Comet!
- Nobody else can do it.
It's all up to us!
- Yes, indeed.
- That's the spirit!
Forward to victory!
- I will protect this world,
whatever the cost!
[Japanese music playing]
RIKU: Well, we're here.
- [sighs]
[grunts]
TOWA:
"When the Grim Comet Falls."
[tense music playing]
- I'm counting on you,
so don't let me down.
The hour's at hand.
The time has come!
- Okay, I knew
it was big, but...
- What a monstrous thing.
- I'm not letting it destroy
the world my mom's from! No way!
- How do we stop it?
- I have no idea, but we've
gotta figure something out.
- Wait, hold on!
- Eh?
- Just striking at it blindly
won't do us any good.
Let me go first
and do some reconnaissance.
You stay here and slay
any demons that fall to Earth.
- Right! Understood!
[gasps]
- [squawks]
- What a toxic miasma.
One breath of this
would kill a human instantly.
Such pure demon energy!
When this comet hits,
it will produce enough demons
to cover the entire planet!
MOROHA: They're drawn to us,
'cause we're foreign entities
in this time period.
- I've got an idea!
- [gasps]
- [roars]
- Come on, demons!
Come and get me!
[all growling]
- I see what she's doing.
She's drawing them
all together into one place!
- Yeah, but...
[Moroha yelps]
- Moroha!
- [gasps] Blehh!
- Watch out, Moroha!
Cyclone Burst!
- [yelps]
What are you staring at,
you butt-ugly monster!
[yells]
- [yells]
- [grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[pulse beats]
- What's this?
[energy chimes]
[heart beats]
Now I see.
That's the true identity
of the Grim Comet.
We cannot allow something
this dangerous to go unchecked.
[Kirinmaru roaring]
[demons roar]
[villagers whimpering]
- Huh. I can handle
a lot of them,
but not this many.
- [growling]
- [yells]
- Blades of Blood!
- Granny Kaede,
are you all right?!
- Ah, Kagome, Inuyasha.
- You know, you really should
be taking it easy at your age.
- [gasps]
- [growling]
- [grunts]
F-F-Fox Fire!
[demon wails]
- [wails] I-I knew things
were getting bad,
- but not this bad! Agh!
- Thanks, Shippo. Nicely done.
- I've always known
I could depend on you
to come through
and save the day.
[villagers screaming]
- [screams]
HISUI: Hiraikotsu!
- Watch your back.
- Right.
- This way, everyone!
[both yell]
- Oh, Father? Will you
take care of the rest of 'em?
Can you exorcise
their evil energy?
- Yeah, I think I can do that.
[yells]
- Mother, heads up!
A swarm of demons
is headed your way!
It's your time to shine!
SANGO: Infused with
Kin'u's Buddhist power...
and fashioned from materials
gathered by Gyokuto,
this Hiraikotsu dispels evil.
Let me introduce you.
Its name is Black Hiraikotsu!
[demons roar]
- Bravo, Mother!
- We knew you could do it!
- Thank you, girls.
- Whoa.
- Nice one, Sister.
I can see you haven't
lost a single step.
[Rin humming a tune]
Towa, Setsuna...
I pray that the two of you
are safe.
[music playing]
RIKU: Why have we come here,
Miss Rion?
- Deep within Mount Musubi,
there lies a power
that can suppress Kirinmaru.
If we can find and extract it...
- Now I get it.
You mean the Kyuyokon.
Mm.
I know!
Would this help?
- Hmm?
Is that the apple seed
you got from Lady Towa?
- It is.
- [gasps] Oh, I see!
[demon roars]
- I know how we can stop
the Grim Comet!
MOROHA: Really?!
- But you'll have to do
exactly as I say
to have a chance
of pulling this off.
- All right!
- Okay!
KIRIN: First, Miss Towa
and Miss Setsuna,
I need the two of you
to clear away that miasma
surrounding the Grim Comet.
- BOTH: Okay!
- Next, Miss Moroha,
you eliminate the demon energy
with your Sacred Arrow.
- No problem there.
KIRIN: Then I need
the three of you
to attack the main body
of the Grim Comet
and make it
as small as possible.
- Okay.
- All right.
- At that point, I just
might be able to stop it.
Are all of you with me on this?
[all grunt]
- Then, it's time to begin!
- We've got this, Towa!
- Oh, yeah.
- Scourge of Swallows!
- Azure Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
- Next up, Miss Moroha!
- Right, I'm on it!
Demon energy,
meet Purifying Arrow!
- The energy's dispersing.
- 'Course it is!
When my mom makes bows
and arrows, she does it right!
- Excellent job!
- [yells]
Now get a load of this!
Yeah! [laughs]
- And now for the main event.
- [dragons roar]
- Twin Azure...
Dragon Wave!
- Vermillion Bird Ambush!
[bird screeching]
- Count me in!
Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragons roar]
Damn! It isn't
getting any smaller!
[gasps]
SETSUNA: The demon energy...
it's come back!
- It seems this won't be
as easy as I had hoped.
I apologize, my friends,
but I am simply
not strong enough.
[all gasp]
- Well, in that case...
- Towa!
- Oh, not this again!
- [flute plays]
- Zanseiken!
Kyuyokon!
- Towa, don't do it!
[dramatic music playing]
[dragons roar]
- [yells]
[Towa yells]
- Towa, stop it! Stop it now!
Absorbing that demon energy
will sap your Kon!
- I've got to try and...
absorb as much of it as I can
and then throw it all back
at the Grim Comet!
[groaning]
For Papa Sota
and Mama Moe's sake...
for Mei, Grandpa,
and Grammy, everyone...
I will protect
the family I love
for as long as I'm alive!
[gasps]
[dragons roar]
Shooting Star Azure Dragon Wave!
- Towa!
- That...
was awesome!
- [gasping]
SETSUNA: Towa!
- Hey, are you all right?
- Towa!
- Come on.
Say something, would you?!
- Towa!
- What's the matter?
What's wrong?!
- [grunts]
- [heart beats]
- [gasps]
[panting]
KIRIN: What a profound act
of self-sacrifice,
to put
your very existence at risk
for the sake of this world.
I find that
just so incredibly moving!
[grunts] It's my turn now!
I will stop it in its tracks!
Amazing...
[yells]
[grunting]
[yelling]
...Power!
- Holy shit!
[dramatic music playing]
[music ends]
Are you all right?
- Yeah, I'm fine...
just a little worn out.
- Don't ever use
that sword again!
- [chuckles]
[winces]
- My living right arm...
go and dispose
of those half-Demon princesses!
- Not that voice again.
Miss Setsuna is right.
It would be a fatal mistake
to attempt that sort
of stunt in the future.
You should get rid
of that sword now.
- But Rion gave me this sword
to defeat Kirinmaru,
and I promised her I would!
- Ah, tell me,
how is Rion these days?
She's well, I hope?
- Quite the opposite.
- Rion has been dead
for a while now.
- Wait...
you mean she's gone?
[tense music playing]
RIKU: There. It's done.
- Mount Musubi...
please grant me the use
of your hidden power,
the power of the Kyuyokon
that dwells within you!
- Whoa.
- [energy chimes]
- [sighs]
With this,
now I can stop my father.
- Rion...
I didn't know.
I had no idea.
- She seemed like...
she was in a lot of pain.
- Very well, then.
I shall save her.
SETSUNA & TOWA: What?!
[Towa gasps]
- Sorry, but I need
to borrow this.
I know it well.
I wielded the Zanseiken when I
was still Kirinmaru's right arm.
- But...
KIRIN: This is the Sword
of Amatsumikaboshi.
It is an object foreign
to you people of Earth,
so you probably
will never be able
to use it to its fullest extent.
- But like I said,
I was only given that sword
because I made
a promise to Rion!
- And I assure you
I will fulfill that promise.
- [gasps]
I shall defeat Kirinmaru.
[all gasp]
KIRIN: I will take
the Grim Comet
and transport it
to the feudal era.
- Wait, what are you saying?!
- I should be able
to defeat Kirinmaru
if I have something
as powerful as this.
- With the Comet?!
- That's right.
You've all done your job,
so now you can watch
as I save the world!
[laughs]
KIRINMARU: My living right arm,
rid me of those
Half-Demon Princesses!
KIRIN: Very soon, Kirinmaru
will pry open the Doors of Time
and enter this world.
If Kirinmaru is allowed
to move through time and space,
the results
would be catastrophic.
- What do you mean?
- But not to worry,
for I shall become
the savior of the human race.
- What is that?!
- Living right arm,
why are you taking so long?!
- [gasps] Kirinmaru!
- Demons, however...
are not a race
that's worth saving.
I bid you all farewell.
I'm off to kill Kirinmaru.
I'm headed to the feudal world
to slaughter every demon
I can find.
- Uh, well...
okay...
- Miss Towa, please make sure
to continue reading
your history books,
because I'm going
to do my very best
to leave my own mark
on history!
- Oh. All right.
- You girls have been
an enormous help.
It's very much appreciated.
And now goodbye.
Momotaro, Momotaro...
just wait till you see
what I'm bringing you,
a very big millet dumpling!
[sizzling]
- [sighs]
Well, we know
this world is saved,
at the very least, right?
- Supposedly.
- [sighs] I need a nap.
[both laugh]
- [gasps] Wait a sec!
He said he was gonna
slaughter every demon, right?
- Did he mean...
- Wait...
he doesn't mean my dad
and Sesshomaru too, does he?!
Well, he's gonna find out my dad
isn't that easy to take down!
SETSUNA: I wonder what exactly
he's planning to do
with the Grim Comet.
TOWA: We've gotta get back
to the feudal era! Come on!
- [gasps]
You! You must be my right arm!
[gasps]
[Takechiyo wails]
Don't look now,
but something terrible
is coming!
- That's the Grim Comet!
What's it doing here?!
[tense music playing]
[demons growling]
JAKEN: That is
something terrible!
TAKECHIYO: Whoa!
Where do we go? What do we do?
- Fly like the wind!
Head for the Tree of Ages,
where Lord Sesshomaru is!
- Right! Understood!
I just hope Moroha is okay!
And the others!
- [yells]
- What the hell's that?
KAGOME: Is that the Grim Comet
that was in the other world?!
- It's like
the heavens are falling!
- It's beyond belief.
[both gasp]
- What a horrifying sight.
- Could it be
the Degenerate Age has come?
[Rion shudders]
- Let us hurry.
- Are you sure you're all right?
- Don't worry about me.
KIRINMARU:
The Grim Comet of Reiwa.
KIRIN: Yes.
But leaving that aside,
it's been quite a while,
hasn't it?
- So you're Kirin.
- That's right. I'm Osamu Kirin.
Greetings.
I have so looked forward
to meeting you in person.
[deck creaking]
- [growls] You impudent idiot!
- [groans]
- Damn you.
You are my right arm,
so why the hell don't you
obey my commands?!
- It's funny
you should mention that,
because I have come here
expressly to grant your wish.
- Have you?
- I've gone to a lot of trouble
to bring you the Grim Comet.
I know just how much
you want to destroy it.
- So that's for me, is it?
- That's not all.
- Hmm?
- Didn't you once say
you wanted to show Rion
all the wonders
of the great, wide world?
I brought this from
the other world, a souvenir.
- Huh?
- These are scenes I gathered
during my travels there
in the Reiwa era.
Rion will get a real kick
out of looking through them.
Don't you think so?
- [scoffs]
- Yes, the Grim Comet
continues to fall.
I would suspect only
the Bakuseiken can destroy it.
I have no doubt
you'll make the whole world
tremble at your power.
- Spoken like a true right arm.
You do understand.
- Please hurry!
- Right!
- I must stop them both,
Kirinmaru and the Grim Comet!
- [panting]
- The pinwheel!
- Tree of Ages, open!
Allow us to return
to the feudal era!
- Hey, come on, Tree of Ages!
It's important!
- Please,
you must let us go back!
TOWA: No way.
- [sighs]
- We really can't go back, then?
[Japanese music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
MOROHA: This damn tree
won't open up for us!
What the hell
are we gonna do?!
TOWA: It's not looking good.
If we can't get back
to the feudal era...
SETSUNA: Tree of Ages,
please let us go back!
Kirinmaru's right arm
has taken the Grim Comet
with him across time!
TOWA: Mr. Kirin, just what
are you up to anyway?!
Next time on Yashahime:
"Osamu Kirin's
Apparition Conquest."
SOTA: I will never forget
the 10 years
I spent with you, Towa.